Create ui-c8y-1023-37-0-added-type-colum-as-a-default-colum-in-device-grid-graft.md (#4232)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1023-37-0-added-type-colum-as-a-default-colum-in-device-grid-graft.md

---
date: ""

> title: device type column now displayed by default in device grid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Device type column now displayed by default in device grid
```

> title: device type column now displayed by default in device grid

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Device type column now available by default in the device list data grid
```

> title: Device type column now displayed by default in device grid

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Device type column now available by default in the device list data grid
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-5533
version: 1023.37.0
---

> The device grid in the Device Management app previously did not display the device type column by default, requiring users to manually add it to their view. The device type column is now included as a default column in the device grid, making device type information immediately visible without additional configuration. This change improves the user experience by providing essential device information at a glance, allowing users to quickly identify device types when managing their device inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The device grid in the Device Management application previously did not display the "Device type" column by default, requiring users to manually add it to their views. The "Device type" column is now included as a default column in the device grid, making device type information immediately visible without additional configuration. This change improves the user experience by providing essential device information at a glance, allowing users to quickly identify device types when managing their device inventory.
```

> The device grid in the Device Management application previously did not display the "Device type" column by default, requiring users to manually add it to their views. The "Device type" column is now included as a default column in the device grid, making device type information immediately visible without additional configuration. This change improves the user experience by providing essential device information at a glance, allowing users to quickly identify device types when managing their device inventory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Device type column is now part of the default device grid configuration in the Devices list of the Device Management application. It is available in the column selector and can be enabled as needed.
```
